LeapFTP v2.7.5.610                        Released: 08/06/2004
--------------------------------------------------------------


		  Version History

Version 2.75
------------

1. Added support for files > 2.1 GB

2. Added Windows XP control support

3. Fixed LeapFTP getting stuck on file complete

4. Fixed PBD3 server parsing

5. Fixed tray icon disappearing on explorer restart

6. Minor interface tweaks


LeapFTP 2.74
------------

1. Fixed buffer overflow exploit when PASV mode is used


LeapFTP 2.73
-------------

1. Fixed 'Edit' spawning both default editor and extension-
   specific editor

2. Fixed problem where resizing status window would lock
   the program

3. Fixed clipboard not working properly with LeapFTP running

4. Fixed problem with 'resume if smaller' skipping uploads
   that were actually smaller

5. Fixed system tray icon disappearing when you select 'exit'
   from the tray menu but do not close due to a pending transfer

6. Fixed "Copy URL" not working correctly for ports other than 21


LeapFTP 2.72
------------

1. Added per-site option to disable use of proxy server

2. Added "USER user@host port" proxy mode

3. Fixed scripts / DDE not handling CONNECT properly

4. Fixed column sizing bug

5. Fixed status bar truncating text when using large fonts

6. Fixed restore broken transfers overwriting instead of
   resuming partial file transfers


LeapFTP 2.71
------------

1. Added support for long filenames in command line parameters
   that are enclosed in quotes.

2. Added data=<path> command line parameter that allows you to
   specify a directory where configuration files are stored. 

3. Added support for % tokens in ftp:// URLs

4. Added global and per-site option to use APPE instead of REST
   when resuming uploads.

5. Fixed certain sites crashing on connect

6. Fixed 'Execute' not working properly with certain file types

7. Fixed upload crashing on connection abort

8. Fixed queue save dialog not expanding for Large fonts

9. Fixed reconnect not working properly

10. Fixed queue 'Move to Top' error

11. Fixed transfer status bar not resizing

12. Fixed crash on DEL script command

13. Fixed system using wrong password on aborted connections

14. Fixed SendTo not using correct default path


LeapFTP 2.70
------------

1. Transfer engine reworked for substantially faster uploads

2. Online help system completely revamped and updated

3. New queue format added that allows you to save a queue
   to a specific server

4. Added /nosplash command line argument to supress splash screen

5. Full drag now supported in queue.  Added move to top and move to
   bottom menu options

6. Server and directory message dialog is now resizable

7. Column widths are saved when auto size is disabled

8. New per-site option to toggle / disable resume support

9. S/Key is now supported for site manager based sites

10. Option added to toggle auto-negotiation of PASV / PORT mode

11. Fixed problem with editing files with long filenames

12. Fixed 'owner' not resolving on NT servers

13. Fixed scripts hanging on connection failure

14. Fixed resume problem with aborted uploads

15. Fixed exit windows on transfer complete not working correctly


LeapFTP 2.62
------------

1. Added stall protection to Advanced Properties tab

2. Added ability to log in FTP servers that do not require a
   password.

3. Fixed parsing of wftpd and Windows 2000 directory listings

4. Added anti-idle method toggle (NOOP or PWD)

5. Skip list can now be applied to folders as well as files

6. Added ability to transfer files without extensions in ASCII
   mode.

7. Fixed problems with cut/paste intercepting external calls.

8. Added auto-attempt of PASV mode if a PORT command fails.

9. Fixed failed downloads leaving a 0-byte file behind.

10. Fixed force file case to work with folders and files.


LeapFTP 2.61
------------

1. Fixed window redraw problem.

2. Fixed timeout and retry not saving in site manager.

3. Fixed other misc problems.


LeapFTP 2.60
------------

1.  Fixed display problem.

2.  fixed URL port problem.

3.  Fixed add site port problem.

4.  Added ":" not allowed in site name.

5.  Added save history option.

6.  Fixed Password dropdown.

7.  Added save log to disk.

8.  Fixed CHMOD from properties refreshes directory.

9.  Added Resume if smaller option.

10. Added optional timer for duplicate file dialog.

11. Fixed Auto-refresh problems.

12. Added remember last sorting method.

13. Added option to fake parent on network drives.

14. Fixed clipboard copy problem.

15. Added server type for unix filesystems with spaces in filenames.

16. Fixed URL file size.

17. Added Exit windows on transfer complete option.

18. Fixed directory change to root problem.

19. Added site/group delete fixed.

20. Fixed abort for warftpd servers.

21. Flat button style was removed.  Has been problematic from day one.

LeapFTP 2.52
------------

1. Added PASV mode on a per-site basis.  If you are having problems
   with transfers getting hung at the end, you should turn off
   PASV mode.

2. Added Folder bookmarks.  Allows you to have pointers to folders
   for sites in the site manager.

3. Added ability to drag files within the queue to change the transfer
   order.

4. Dropdown history now hides passwords.

5. Fixed several problems with editing the first queue item
   during transfer.  You can no longer edit the target of the
   first item or clear the queue once a transfer is in progress.

6. Fixed a problem with PASV having a space in the argument.

7. Fixed URLs not properly resolving non-standard ports.



LeapFTP 2.51
------------
A maintenance release of version 2.50.  The folllowing changes
were made:

1.  Fixed remote path dropdown not changing directory

2.  Fixed site manager crash

3.  Fixed site move not working properly

4.  Fixed problem with directory lists not showing up under some
    circumstances

5.  Fixed problem with PASV and LIST -al

6.  Fixed server message box appearing when no messages 

7.  Added several new scipting commands

8.  Fixed crash when getting properties on ".."

9.  Fixed "Execute" problem

10. Fixed problem with editing binary files

11. Fixed Edit/View not working with certain file types

12. Added PUTDEL script command.  Allows you to delete a local
    file after if it has been successfully uploaded.

13. Added ".." toolbar button

14. Added "Copy URL to Clipboard" to Tools menu

15. Directory listings now show total bytes


LeapFTP 2.50
------------

This version represents a major overhaul in LeapFTP.  Several 
looming problems have been fixed, and many routines were 
completely rewritten to make them faster.

1. Remote directory routine has been completely rewritten.
   Listings are now processed as they come in instead of
   when they're done.


2. Auto-redial routines have been rewritten.  There is a new
   option in the "Options" tab in the preferences called
   'Use external redialer'.  Set this option if you have an
   external program that redials your ISP upon disconnect.  If
   this option is not enabled, LeapFTP will automatically reconnect
   to your ISP.  

3. Fixed a problem with transfers and directory listings
   ending up short.

4. Queue now stores the filename for the target file, allowing you
   to change the destination filename.

5. Free space routine now prompts when there is not enough
   freespace for the currect file.

6. Added "Clear Login History" to Tools menu.

7. Free space is now shown only on fixed disks.

8. Fixed crash when scrolling through status window.

9. Fixed problem when Retry Delay was set to 0.

10. CHMOD now refreshes when complete.

11. Fixed problem with login/server messages not displaying properly
    or at all.

12. Scripting language commands GET and PUT now support a target filename
    syntax.

	GET:<filename>:<target>
	PUT:<filename>:<target>

13. Scripting language now supports comments.  Place a # as the first character
    in a line to ignore that line.

	# comment
	CONNECT:127.0.0.1


LeapFTP 2.42
------------
1. Bug fixes


LeapFTP 2.3
-----------

1. Added site stats which records the amount of data sent
   to servers in the site manager.

2. Added Microsoft Intellimouse support.

3. Added clipboard URL monitor.

4. Added command line parms.

5. Help file is now indexed and searchable.

6. Numerous bug files (crashes during login, memory leak, transfer
   errors, etc).

LeapFTP 2.2
-----------

1. Added separate toggles for duplicate files on download
   and upload

2. Optional separate window now shows server and/or directory
   messages

3. Fixed several problems in 2.1X


LeapFTP 2.1
-----------

1. The scripting language has been completely rewritten.
   Scripts are now compiled into memory and checked for
   errors before they are run.  Several new commands have
   been added:

	DIAL:<entry>     		dial your ISP
   	RENAME-<L/R>:<filename>		rename a file
	REFRESH				refresh remote view
	DELAY:<seconds>			waits x secs before
					executing the next
					command

   Loops are also supported.  They should be in the following
   syntax:

	LOOP:<number of times>
	<command(s)>
	ENDLOOP

   Note: You cannot nest loops (ie: a loop in a loop).

2. Upload resume has been added.  The duplicate file option
   in Preferences|Transfer now applies to uploads as well.

3. A 'Site Browse' option has been added.  This allows you
   to browse a FTP server while transferring and add files
   to the queue. It uses a second connection to browse, so
   you must be able to connect to the site twice for this
   to work.

4. The file editor(s) are now configurable by file extension.  Use the
   'Editors' tab in the Preferences to set file extensions and editor
   to use.  If no editor is specified, the default editor will be used.

5. Several new firewall types are supported:

	SOCKS4
	SITE host
	OPEN host
	PASV transfers

6. Reworked the 'Auto-reconnect' feature.  Now supports redialing
   of ISP and seamless resuming of the transfer queue.

7. The "Skip List" has been added, which has a list of wildcard
   masks for filetypes you wish to skip in a transfer.

8. Supports SendTo->LeapFTP from the windows shell and dropping
   of files onto the program icon to add the files to the
   queue.  New 'Target file' notation for uploads: ~/ denotes
   upload to current directory.

9. Shows status of receiving directory listing, and transfer
   speed after all transfers.

10. Added more per-site options to the site manager:

   Local filter 
   Remote filter
   Server type
   Show hidden files

11. Duplicate file dialog now has "Skip All" button to skip all
    duplicate files in the current transfer.

12. Free Space monitor warns when there is not enough space on the drive
    to download the current file.

13. Local file delete is now interfaced to the Recycle Bin.

14. Added 'Transfer' tab to Preferences, with all transfer-related
    options.  Two new options have been added:

	Skip empty dirs 	Prevents creating directories when
				there are no files inside

	Skip 0-byte files	Prevents transferring of null files.

15. Rename Site option for sites in the Site Manager.

16. System tray menu: right clicking on LeapFTP when minimized
    in the system tray brings up a menu of options.

17. Added warning when exiting with queued files.

18. Delete and Chmod commands now show files remaining.

19. Bytes selected is now shown below the directory view.

20. Ctrl+C and Ctrl+V have been reassigned to their default
    functions (copy/paste).

21. Option to show speed in cps or k/sec.

22. Delay before retry option added
